Add examples from the HIP programming guide (#271)
amd/rocm-examples: HIP-Programming-Guide/event_based_asynchronous_kernel_execution/README.md

# HIP-Programming-Guide Event-Based Asynchronous Kernel Execution Example

## Description

> Asynchronous concurrent execution is important for efficient parallelism and resource utilization, with techniques such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asynchronous concurrent execution is important for efficient parallelism and resource utilization. This includes techniques such
```

as overlapping computation and data transfer, managing concurrent kernel execution with streams on single or multiple
devices, or using HIP graphs.

This example demonstrates how to execute kernels asynchronously by utilizing HIP streams and events. It should be
compared to the [sequential kernel execution example](../sequential_kernel_execution) and the
[asynchronous kernel execution example](../asynchronous_kernel_execution).

### Application flow

> 1. Two data vectors are created both on the host and on the device.

Reviewer: The tense of the listed actions switches between past and present.
